python sdk release notes updated (#4975)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

 - Add Gradle dependency-check plugin.
 - `ch.qos.logback:logback-classic` has been upgraded from 1.2.11 to 1.3.12. (FFM-10373)

### Python SDK

#### Version 1.4.0

>  - You can now add `get_flag_type` public method which enables you to check the type of a flag at any time. If you'd like to see an example of this, have a look at the [`get_flag_type.py`](https://github.com/harness/ff-python-server-sdk/blob/main/examples/get_flag_type_example/get_flag_type.py).(FFM-10393)

Reviewer: nitpick
```suggestion
 - You can use the new `get_flag_type` public method to check the type of a flag at any time. If you'd like to see an example of this, have a look at the [`get_flag_type.py`](https://github.com/harness/ff-python-server-sdk/blob/main/examples/get_flag_type_example/get_flag_type.py).(FFM-10393)
```

Author: Thank you, I'll put that in. :)
